link-http://www.theshopaholic-diaries.com/2011/10/to-z-online-shopping-websites-india.html

365gorgeous.in ( makeup, skincare products etc. )
23bacio.com ( Shoes and nailpaints for women)

A- Ajio.com (exclusive collection of international labels)
     Abof.com ( Apparel & Accessories)
    Aliexpress.com ( A chinese website which features products at very cheap rates direct from wholesalers /          producers )
    AskmeBazaar.com
    Asos.com ( Free International shipping )
    Amazon.in ( Your one-stop website for Online Shopping)
    Americanswan.com (Apparel & Accessories for men & women) 
    Adirawoman.com ( Shapewear, Hygiene, Period Panties etc. )

B- Brandmile.com ( Sales Events from major brands )
     bestylish.com ( Shoes & accessories )
     Biotique.com (Skincare brand website)
     baychic.com ( Sale events) 
     blab.co.in ( cosmetics, accessories etc.)
     beautylounge.com ( Nail paints and more)
     brandsvillage.com ( Clothing, accessories etc. )
     Biba.in (Ethnic wear)

C-  Cosmetix.in ( Cosmetics, accessories etc. )
      cilory.com ( Lingerie, Health care, personal care products etc. )
      Coolbuy.in ( Clothing, jewellery, Home & Kitchen, and more )  
      Couponation.in (Coupons and Deals)
      Caratlane.com (Jewellery)
      theCollective.in (Branded Goods)
      Chrono24.in (Watch Market)
      Craftsvilla.com (Sarees, Jewellery, etc.) 
      ConfidentialCouture.com (Buy pre-loved luxury goods)

D- Dealsandyou.com ( for all the fabulous deals on restaurants, products etc. )
      Digaaz.com (Luxury bags, watches etc.) 
      doozyshopping.com (Apparel from Men & Women)
      donebynone.com ( Bags, accessories etc. )
      Darveys.com (luxury shopping)


E- Ebay.com ( Needs no introduction )
     Ethoswatches.com (Luxury watches) 
     Elitify.com (Luxury Shopping)
     Evya.in ( personal care, skin care, hair care products etc .)
     Ethnicdukaan.com (Ethnic wear)

F- Fashionandyou.com ( I Guess this is a website which doesn't need an introduction, because in my opinion it was a trendsetter for Online shopping trend in India)
     Forever21.com/IN/ (Forever 21 India website)
     Flipkart.com ( Books, mobiles, phones etc.- Its the 1 of the leading online shopping websites in India)
     Forestessentialsindia.com (Ayurvedic skincare brand)
     Forevernew.co.in (Forever New Indian website)
     futurebazaar.com ( clothing, accessories, electronics etc. )
     Fashnvia.com ( Clothing, accessories, shoes etc for both men and women )
     Fashionatclick.com ( Womenswear, accessories etc. )
     Fetise.com ( Apparels, accessories etc. for men)
     Fashionara.com ( Apparels, Bags, Accessories and more )
     Fabfurnish.com ( Furniture, Home Furnishing etc. )
     Faballey.com ( Women's Clothing & Accessories)
     Fressup.com (Curation of Looks and outfits)

G- goodlife.com ( Makeup, skin care products etc. )
     Globusstores.com ( Online Shopping portal for Globus brand )
     gkboptical.com (Shopping for Eyewear)
     Getitbazaar.com ( Fashion & Lifestyle, Electronics, Health, etc.)

H- homeshop18.com ( coming through the Channel Home Shop 18- the name says it all )
     Handspick.com (clothing, footwear, accessories for women )
     Helioswatchstore.com (Watch Store by Titan)
     healthkart.com ( Cosmetics, skin care, hair care products etc. )
     Hot9offers.com ( Offers on various online shopping portals )

I- infibeam.com  ( Books, mobiles, phones etc. )
    indiavarta.com ( electronics, watches, phones etc. )
    Iknowstudio.com ( Designer Brand I Know )
    in.loccitane.com (Skincare brand website)
    inonit.in (Clothing, accessories, shoes) 
    Indiarush.com (Ethnic wear)
    Indianroots.com (Ethnic wear)

J- Jabong.com ( clothing, shoes, accessories etc.)
     justshecosmetics.com( Cosmetics )
     Jewelskart.com (Jewellery) 
    Juvalia.in ( Jewellery and accessories for women)

K- Koovs.com ( Clothing, apparel, bags, shoes etc. )
     Kiehlsindia.com (Brand skincare website)

L- Landmarkshop.in (Online shopping for Landmark group brands)
     letsbuy.com ( electronics, mobile phones etc. )
     lenskart.com ( Eyewear, lenses etc. )
     Limeroad.com ( Clothing, Accessories, Bags, Footwear and more )

M- myntra.com ( shoes, accessories, clothes etc. )
      mydala.com ( Deals and products )
      Mirraw.com (Ethnic wear and Jewellery) 
      Moodsofcloe.com 
      Meenabazaar.com (Ethnic wear - Karol Bagh based) 
      Meenabazaar.in (Ethnic wear - VK based)
      makeupshades.com ( Makeup, skincare products etc. )
      morphmaternity.com ( Maternity wear, kids wear etc. )
      medplusbeauty.com ( cosmetics, skin care products, hair care etc. )
      macys.com ( Clothing, accessories and more )
      majorbrands.in ( To shop brands like Mango, Aldo and Inglot online)
     Matwali.com (Sarees, Lehengas and other Ethnic wear )
     MrButton.in ( Menswear and Accessories )

N- 99labels.com ( Sales events website )
      Nupinch.com ( Apparel Search Engine )
      Nordstrom.com (Designer brands, ships to India)
     naaptol.com ( Compare for lowest prices and buy electronics, accessories etc. )
     Nykaa.com ( Makeup & Beauty )
     nnnow.com (Apparel & accessories)

O- oyegirl.com ( shopping store for women )
      Olx.in (Buy and Sell online)
     Only.in (Online shopping for ONLY)
     Oasap.com ( Clothing, accessories and more - Free International Shipping )

P- pret-amoda.com ( Clothing, accessories, home decor etc. )
     poshfusion.com ( Clothing, footwear and more)
     purplle.com (Makeup, Skin care etc. )
     Peppercloset.com ( Apparel and Accessories )
     Pepperfry.com ( Home Furnishing, Bedding, Furniture, Appliances and more )
     Pipabella.com (Trendy Jewellery )
     Paperlillie.com ( Clothing, jewellery etc. )
     Perniaspopupshop.com (Designer labels) 
     Prettysecrets.com (Lingerie & night wear)
    

Q- qvendo.com ( Sales Events )
      Quikr.com (Buy or Sell anything)

R- romwe.com ( Free International shipping )
      Rooja.com ( Sales Events )
      Rangrage.in (Handcrafted Jeans, accessories etc.)

S- shoppersstop.com ( All the products from the Retail chain- Shoppers Stop you can buy at their website )
    Shopalike.in (One website for all online Shops)
     shopping.indiatimes.com 
     shopping.rediff.com
     snapdeal.com ( Best deals on restaurants, tours etc. )
     shopatmajorbrands.com ( Accessories, cosmetics etc. from major brands like Aldo and Inglot )
     shop.mango.com/IN (MANGO Indian website)
     snapittoday.com ( cosmetics, hair care products etc. )
     stylecraze.com ( cosmetics, skin care, hair care products etc.)
     styleme.co.in ( Mobile accessories)
     Shinedeals.com ( Various Online Deals )
     Shopnineteen.com (Apparel, shoes, bags etc. )
     Stalkbuylove.com (Apparel, accessories, bags etc. )
     Stevemadden.in ( Purchase your favorite Maddens online )
     Stylefiesta.com ( Apparel, Shoes and Accessories )
     Stylista.com ( Fashion and Lifestyle )
     Slassy.com (Makeup & Beauty)
     Suhaniepittie.com (Jewellery)
     Sbuys.com (Apparel & accessories)

T- Theprivatesales.com ( A sales event website )
     Tradus.in ( Books, mobiles, accessories and lots more. )
     Toteteca.com ( Customized Bags)
     Trendin.com
     Thecollective.in (Online Shopping for the Collective luxury brands)
     Thebodyshop.in (Brand Website - they ship in India)
     Trivenisarees.com (Ethnic wear for women)
     Thequirkbox.com (Accessories and apparel)

U- urbantouch.com ( Cosmetics, skin care products and more )
      Utsavfashion.in (Sarees, jewellery etc.)

V- violetbag.com ( Cosmetics, skin care products and more )
     Voguemagnet.com ( Sales event website )
     Vivaahsurat.com (Ethnic WeaR)
     Varighty.com ( Watches, Bags, Accessories and more )
     Voylla.com ( Bags, Jewellery, Accessories and more )
     veromoda.in (Online Shopping for Vero Moda)

W- wholesale-dress.net ( clothing wholesale center, you can search for single unit buying options too )
      watchkart.com (Watches )
     Wforwoman.com (Ethnic wear)

X-

Y- yebhi.com ( Shoes, clothes, accessories etc for men and women)
     yepme.com ( Shoes, clothes, accessories etc )
     Youshine.in ( Your one stop shop for latest Fashion Jewellery and Accessories )

Z- zoomin.com ( for all your gifting ideas- photos and cameras needs )
     zivame.com ( Lingerie and Lounge wear etc. )
     Zomato.com (Restaurant Directory)
     Zoutons.com (online Discount discovery)
     zovi.com ( Apparels and accessories for men & women)
